[Music]
I'm constable Ichabod Crane sent from
New York to investigate murder in Sleepy
Hollow
how much of your superiors explained you
only that the three was slain in open
ground their heads severed from their
bodies taken by the Headless Horseman
taken back to hell he rode a giant black
steed even today the Western woods is a
haunted place where brave men will not
venture Wow we have murders in New York
without benefit of ghouls and goblins
you're a long way from New York
Constance village enthralled a
superstition
we have many things to talk about even
in this backward place
excuse my manner I'm not used female
company the assassin is a man of flesh
and blood and I will discover him are
you so certain of everything
perhaps there's a bit of a widget
Katrina why do you say that because
you've reached
[Music]